WEBSITE | WHITEPAPER 
BITCOINTALK | FACEBOOK | TWITTER | TELEGRAM | STEEMIT | MEDIUM | REDDIT  (링크필요)

A bounty campaign is a PR event for this project and is promoted by its participants and supporters. Usually, the term “bounty campaign” is used in ICO (Initial Coin Offering) crowdfunding campaigns. Participation in such campaigns is rewarded with blockchain tokens offered for sale during an ICO. The reward fund volume for set aside for a bounty campaign is usually 1~2% of all collected ICO investments. Therefore, a user can participate in a bounty campaign and get rewarded.

ATFS offers a total 3% of all tokens released during the ICO as bounty campaign rewards. Reward participants will receive ATFS tokens. Bounty campaign members, who use unfair methods, such as spamming and artificial Likes and Shares, are to be excluded from bounty campaigns and will not receive rewards.

Total Bounty Pool is divided as follows:

 7% Facebook Campaign
 7% Twitter Campaign
 3% Telegram Campaign
10% Creative (Artwork and Videos) & Bug Hunt Campaign
15% BitcoinTalk Signature & Avatar Campaign
18% BitcoinTalk Translation Campaign (Website, Whitepaper, ANN)
20% Media Support Campaign (Articles, Reviews, Publications)
20% Exclusive Support

Ground Rules:

1) All accounts are original and must not be fake (inactive and/or bot account).
2) Multiple account registration is not allowed. Those found using such multi-accounts will be disqualified and blacklisted from any and all future campaigns.
3) Spam is strictly prohibited. Users found spamming will be immediately and permanently disqualified, reported to the moderators, and banned from any other bounty campaign.
4) All members are to receive the reward to their ATFS wallets on our official website.
5) Terms and Conditions are subject to change if necessary.
6) Please register on shared Google Form for all registrations prior to bounty participation.

ATFS Tokens Bounty Requirements:

Joining the ATFS Official Telegram (Link) is required to participate in any bounty campaigns
(with the exception of articles & blog posts). We would like to assure all participants that we intend to proactively oversee and manage our bounty program to the highest standard. We will use several Google Forms and spreadsheets to facilitate this and make the bounty process as easy as possible for all ATFS participants. Still, the most important element of a successful bounty program is an effective, consolidated channel for communication. We aim to achieve this through our official Telegram chat.

[ATFS Facebook Campaign]

Payment:
7% of the bounty pool is allocated to the Facebook campaign.

How to Participate:

1. A participant of Facebook bounty campaign must have at least 100 friends.
2. To be eligible, please take part in the following activities:
  1) Each member must like and follow ATFS Lab Facebook page (Link)
  2) Must like and share every post published by ATFS Lab using hashtags #atfs or #atfsico
  3) Must make 5 posts in a week with hashtag #atfs or #atfsico  
  4) Participant profile must be public
3. The bounty campaign is on until the end of ICO. In order to receive the bonus, each member is expected to participate until the end of the campaign.
4. A member, who has not completed the ATFS Lab FB page like, or has not shared posts during one week, or unfollowed FB page is not eligible for a reward.
5. The list of participants is being updated and analyzed once per week. All approved participants receive 1 share per week. After ICO’s end, the entire ATFS bounty pool is redistributed among all campaign participants according to each person’s share.

Please post in Opt-In Required Form. 
You can publish the opt-in form and then modify it. Please provide all the links yourself every week. No manual verification will be done.

IF THERE'S NO OPT-IN REQUIRED FORM UNDER THIS THREAD, WE WILL NOT COUNT YOU IN FOR REWARDS!

Campaign: ATFS Facebook Campaign
Your Facebook account Link:

Links to the post that your shared from ATFS(+likes):
1- (mm/dd):
2- (mm/dd):
…
Links to your Facebook posts:
1- (mm/dd): 
2- (mm/dd): 
...
Thank you for your participation.

Register here (Link)
You can monitor statistics here (Link)

