I. INTRODUCTION

By 2050, the world’s population is expected to reach 9.7 billion, 34% higher than today.
Nearly all of this population increase is to occur in developing countries.
Urbanization continues as well at an accelerated pace and about 70% of the world’s population will be concentrated in urban environments,
compared to the 49% today.
Plus, income levels will be many multiples than now. In order to feed this larger, more urbanized and richer population,
food production–net of food used for biofuels–must increase by a whopping 70%.

So, how do we support the green corps we eat, and meet the increased protein needs of the planet’s growing population?
It’s no secret that the developed world is obsessed with protein, with the average person in the U.S. consuming double the recommended daily amount (103 grams per day),
of which two-thirds comes from animal sources.
The challenge intensifies with the rise of animal protein consumption in developing countries like China and India due to their rising incomes and improved quality of life.

Another issue that goes hand in hand with population explosion is the aging population.
According to “World Population Prospects”, the number of people in the world aged 60 years or over is projected to grow by 56%,
from 901 million to 1.4 billion, between 2015 and 2030. By 2050, this group is to reach nearly 2.1 billion, more than double its number from 2015.
East Asian nations like China and Japan is projected to suffer from a sharp decrease of population fit for agricultural activities due to its rapid increase of elderly population (+65 years of age).
Therefore, the aging population undoubtedly will lead to significant reduction of agricultural productivity in the world. 

This is the future of the world we live in today. We must get together at the forefront of agricultural revolution to solve imminent problems of food supply chain, food security, supply of meat and agricultural productivity

Our team proposes an integrated approach with three organically linked missions as a solution:
● Mission 1 - Smart Farm 2.0
● Mission 2 - Disruptive Decentralized Platform
● Mission 3 - Plant-Based Meat
